[Doc-only] Update descriptor README and x-descriptors guide (#5530)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/operator-lifecycle-manager/src/components/descriptors/reference/reference.md

  12. [podAffinity](#12-podaffinity)
  13. [podAntiAffinity](#13-podantiaffinity)
  14. [selector](#14-selector)

>   15. _DEPRECATED_
>   16. _DEPRECATED_

Reviewer: I think we should just remove these.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Actually, so that we don't mess up the numbering, link to the headings in the deprecated section, then keep the #15 an #16 headings below and add a link to the deprectated section as well:

```suggestion
  15. [_DEPRECATED_ fieldGroup](#fieldGroup) 
  16. [_DEPRECATED_ arrayFieldGroup](#arrayFieldGroup)
```

>   17. [select](#17-select)
>   18. [advanced](#18-advanced)
>   19. [endpointList](#19-endpointList)
>   20. [fieldDependency](#20-fielddependency)
>   21. [hidden](#21-hidden)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  14. [select](#17-select)
  15. [advanced](#18-advanced)
  16. [endpointList](#19-endpointList)
  17. [fieldDependency](#20-fielddependency)
  18. [hidden](#21-hidden)
```

  5. [k8sPhase](#5-k8sPhase)
  6. [k8sPhaseReason](#6-k8sPhaseReason)
  7. [k8sResourcePrefix](#7-k8sResourcePrefix)
---------------------------------------

#### [DEPRECATED Descriptors](#deprecated-descriptors-1)
  15. [fieldGroup](#fieldGroup)
  16. [arrayFieldGroup](#arrayFieldGroup)

## specDescriptors

> A specDescriptor is for describing the property of a `spec` field in your Custom Resource. Each entry should contain the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specDescriptor is for describing the `spec` stanza in your Custom Resource. Each entry should contain the following:
```

Author: Since the `spec` **stanza** means the full `spec` block in the manifest, let's keep that sentence as-is. Thanks Jon!

> A specDescriptor is for describing the property of a `spec` field in your Custom Resource. Each entry should contain the following:

Reviewer: This information is applicable to both specDescriptor and statusDescriptor. Should the general explanation of the common fields be in it's own section? Also, the readme file already provides this info, so maybe we could just link to the appropriate section of that doc for the general info about descriptors?

Author: cool, thanks for pointing this out. Let's go for a new "Getting Started" section as a follow-up as you recommended.

[resources-that-support-set-based-requirement](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements).

> #### 17. select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 15. fieldGroup
This x-descriptor has been __deprecated__. See the [entry in the deprecated](#fieldGroup) section.

#### 16. arrayFieldGroup
This x-descriptor has been __deprecated__. See the [entry in the deprecated](#arrayFieldGroup) section.

#### 17. select
```

  </tr>
</table>

#### 21. hidden

**x-descriptors**

This descriptor allows you to exclude non-user facing fields from the &quot;auto-generated creation form&quot; by specifying them as &quot;hidden&quot; schema fields. See example for Portworx Operator:

```yaml
…
 - displayName: HIDDEN FIELDS - Network and all its children fields
   description: >-
      HIDDEN FIELDS - The network related fields to be used by Portworx for data traffic.
   path: network
   x-descriptors:
     - 'urn:alm:descriptor:com.tectonic.ui:hidden'
 - displayName: HIDDEN FIELDS - Start Port
   description: >-
      HIDDEN FIELDS - It is the starting port in the range of ports used by Portworx.
   path: startPort
   x-descriptors:
     - 'urn:alm:descriptor:com.tectonic.ui:hidden'
…
```

**Usage**
1. You can apply &quot;hidden&quot; to any schema property path (doesn't have to be a &quot;leaf&quot; in the schema). All the children properties, if any, will be hidden as well.

> 2. The descriptor would hide that property and all its children fields.

Reviewer: This seems like it just repeats the same info in the first point. I would either remove the second sentence in the first point or just remove this point.
```suggestion
2. The descriptor will hide the target property and all of its child fields.
```

> 3. The field(s) would be hidden on the UI but still can be access through the YAML editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The field(s) will be hidden on the UI but can still be accessed through the YAML editor.
```

---------------------------------------

## statusDescriptors

> A statusDescriptor is for describing the property of a `status` field in your Custom Resource. The structure of the statusDescriptors is similar, including the same fields you need to specify. The only difference is the set of valid `x-descriptors`, which can be found below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A statusDescriptor is for describing the `status` stanza in your Custom Resource. The structure of the statusDescriptors is similar to specDescriptors and includes the same fields. The only difference is the set of valid `x-descriptors` described below.
```

Author: Since the `status` **stanza** means the full `status` block in the manifest, let's keep that sentence as-is and go with the rest of your suggestions, thanks Jon!

* Use [text](#6-text) specDescriptor instead for `string` data type input/output.

#### namespaceSelector

**x-descriptors [DEPRECATED]**
```yaml
…
x-descriptors:
    'urn:alm:descriptor:com.tectonic.ui:namespaceSelector'
…
```
* Use [k8sResourcePrefix](#3-k8sResourcePrefix) specDescriptor instead to specify Namespace object.

> #### 15. fieldGroup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 15. fieldGroup [DEPRECATED]
```

> #### 15. fieldGroup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### fieldGroup
```

2. Add a specDescriptors with [booleanSwitch](#4-booleanswitch) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "stork.enabled" field.
3. Add a specDescriptors with [text](#6-text) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "stork.image" field.

```yaml
…
- displayName: Stork Configurations
  description: Specifies the configurations for Stork.
  path: stork
- displayName: Enabled
  description: Specifies if Stork is enabled.
  path: stork.enabled
  x-descriptors:
    - 'urn:alm:descriptor:com.tectonic.ui:booleanSwitch'
- displayName: Image
  description: The docker image name and version of Stork.
  path: stork.image
  x-descriptors:
    - 'urn:alm:descriptor:com.tectonic.ui:text'
…
```

**UI**
<table style="width:100%">
  <tr valign="top">
    <td width="50%">CREATION VIEW
      <img src="img/spec/15-1_fieldgroup-new.png" />
    <td width="50%">DISPLAY VIEW
      <img src="img/spec/15-2_fieldgroup-dis.png" />
      <h6><small><b>[TODO]</b><i> Cannot display fields in a group</small></i></p></td></h6>
  </tr>
  <tr valign="top">
    <td colspan="2">MODIFY VIEW
      <h6><small><b>[TODO]</b><i> * Currently Missing</i></small></h6>
      </td>
  </tr>
</table>

> #### 16. arrayFieldGroup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 16. arrayFieldGroup [DEPRECATED]
```

> #### 16. arrayFieldGroup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### arrayFieldGroup
```

**x-descriptors [DEPRECATED]**

This x-descriptor is **NO longer necessary**.

> Started from OCP 4.5, the field grouping of an _object_ and _array_ structures are now schema-based and auto-generated for the Creation View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from OCP 4.5, the field grouping of _object_ and _array_ structures are now schema-based and auto-generated in the Creation View.
```

> You can still overwrite the `displayName` and `description` for _objects_ and/or _arrays_ in the same way as individual fields. Simply use a [specDescriptors](#specDescriptors-1) directly against the _object/array_ (and no `x-descriptors` are necessary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still provide your own `displayName` and `description` for _objects_ and/or _arrays_ in the same way as individual fields. Simply use a [specDescriptor](#specDescriptors-1) directly against the _object/array_ (no `x-descriptors` are necessary).
```

* Use [text](#6-text) specDescriptor instead for `string` data type input/output.

#### namespaceSelector

**x-descriptors [DEPRECATED]**
```yaml
…
x-descriptors:
    'urn:alm:descriptor:com.tectonic.ui:namespaceSelector'
…
```
* Use [k8sResourcePrefix](#3-k8sResourcePrefix) specDescriptor instead to specify Namespace object.

#### fieldGroup

**x-descriptors [DEPRECATED]**

This x-descriptor is **NO longer necessary**.

> Started from OCP 4.5, the field grouping of an _object_ and _array_ structures are now schema-based and auto-generated for the Creation View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from OCP 4.5, the field grouping of _object_ and _array_ structures are now schema-based and auto-generated for the Creation View.
```

> You can still overwrite the `displayName` and `description` for _objects_ and/or _arrays_ in the same way as individual fields. Simply use a [specDescriptors](#specDescriptors-1) directly against the _object/array_ (and no `x-descriptors` are necessary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still overwrite the `displayName` and `description` for _objects_ and/or _arrays_ in the same way as individual fields. Simply use a [specDescriptors](#specDescriptors-1) directly against the _object/array_ (no `x-descriptors` are necessary).
```

**Example**

See an example for Portworx Operator. To customize the displayName and fields on the "stork" object:

> 1. Add a specDescriptors to overwrite the `displayName` with the `path` property of the "stork" object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a specDescriptor to overwrite the `displayName` with the `path` property of the "stork" object.
```

> 2. Add a specDescriptors with [booleanSwitch](#4-booleanswitch) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "stork.enabled" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a specDescriptor with [booleanSwitch](#4-booleanswitch) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "stork.enabled" field.
```

> 3. Add a specDescriptors with [text](#6-text) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "stork.image" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a specDescriptor with [text](#6-text) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "stork.image" field.
```

  x-descriptors:
    - 'urn:alm:descriptor:com.tectonic.ui:text'
…
```

**UI**
<table style="width:100%">
  <tr valign="top">
    <td width="50%">CREATION VIEW
      <img src="img/spec/15-1_fieldgroup-new.png" />
    <td width="50%">DISPLAY VIEW
      <img src="img/spec/15-2_fieldgroup-dis.png" />
      <h6><small><b>[TODO]</b><i> Cannot display fields in a group</small></i></p></td></h6>
  </tr>
  <tr valign="top">
    <td colspan="2">MODIFY VIEW
      <h6><small><b>[TODO]</b><i> * Currently Missing</i></small></h6>
      </td>
  </tr>
</table>

#### arrayFieldGroup

**x-descriptors [DEPRECATED]**

This x-descriptor is **NO longer necessary**.

Starting from OCP 4.5, the grouping of _object_ and _array_ structures are now schema-based and auto-generated in the Creation View.

You can still provide your own `displayName` and `description` for _objects_ and/or _arrays_ in the same way as individual fields. Simply use a [specDescriptor](#specDescriptors-1) directly against the _object/array_ (no `x-descriptors` are necessary).

**Example**

See an example for Strimzi Operator. To customize the displayName and fields on the "overrides" (kafka.storage.overrides) array structure:

> 1. Add a specDescriptors to overwrite the `displayName` with the `path` property of the "kafka.storage.overrides" array structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a specDescriptor to overwrite the `displayName` with the `path` property of the "kafka.storage.overrides" array structure.
```

> 2. Add a specDescriptors with [number](#7-number) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "**kafka.storage.overrides[0].broker**" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a specDescriptor with [number](#7-number) x-descriptor, and `path` property of "**kafka.storage.overrides[0].broker**" field.
```

<h6><small><b>Note:</b><i> Need to add the "array index notation" in the path property of the descriptor</i></small></h6>

> 3. Add a specDescriptors with [text](#6-text) x-descriptors with the `path` property of the "**kafka.storage.overrides[0].class**" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add a specDescriptor with [text](#6-text) x-descriptor,  and `path` property of "**kafka.storage.overrides[0].class**" field.
```
